On 09/27/26, I used used ChatGPT (GPT-5.6 Luna version). The prompt is as follows:

"There are two parts to this assignment. For the first part, write a C++ program that 
uses string parsing and validation of structured, numeric-like data embedded in 
unstructured text. For the second part, you would have to develop and demonstrate 
disciplined use of generative AI (GAI) tools in software development. The program must 
read a line of text, then take a valid IPv4 address. The only valid tokens are (.) 
and (:), and any other character is skipped. Partial matches and truncation aren't 
allowed for a candidate token. There can't be any leading zeros in an address unless 
the value is 0. This is optional, but a :port can follow after the fourth octet while 
the leading-zero rule is still applied. If there is a colon, the port has to be completely 
valid, or else it will be rejected."




Here are the function returns for C++: 
// Returns true if a valid address was found, false otherwise.
// On success: outAddress holds the 32-bit value,
// and outPort holds the port number, or -1 if no port was present.
// On failure: outAddress is set to 0 and outPort is set to -1.
bool extractIPv4(const std::string& str, unsigned long& outAddress, int& outPort);



There are built-in functions/libraries that are not allowed which are: 

- Any string-to-number conversion function: atoi, atol, atoll, strtol, strtoul, strtod, stoi, stol, stoul, sscanf, scanf with numeric conversions.
- Any address-parsing library function: inet_aton, inet_pton, inet_addr, or equivalents.
- Any regular-expression facility (std::regex, POSIX regex.h, or similar) — the parsing and validation logic must be your own character-by-character code, not a pattern matched by a library.
- Standard character-classification functions (isdigit, etc.) are fine to use.



The requirements for this C++ program are as follow: 

- Input loop: main continuously prompts the user for input until the user enters END (case-sensitive), then prints Program terminated. and exits.
- Extraction function: implement extractIPv4 exactly as prototyped above. All digit accumulation must be done by hand.
- Display: main receives the result from extractIPv4 and formats the output exactly as specified above.



Most of the code that I submitted was from AI. I ran into a couple of bugs, and I fixed part of 
some, while AI completed the rest. I used many test cases; including the test cases from the assignment
and other test cases. I read through each line of code, and approve every line.




